Documentation - FSP Interoperability API BC (#29)
mojaloop/reference-architecture-doc: docs/refarch/boundedContexts/fspInteropApi/index.md

## Functional Overview

The FSP IOP API interacts with many different bounded contexts and thus the simplified view is provided here, for further reading on the events and connections that the FSP IOP API provides and consumes please review the Mojaloop Common Interfaces [^1].

![Use Case - Example REPLACE ME](./assets/0-functional-overview.jpg)

> FSP Interoperability API Functional Overview

## Terms

Terms with specific and commonly accepted meaning within the Bounded Context in which they are used.

| Term        | Description                                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Participant | Financial Service Provider that register on the Mojaloop ecosystem. Allowing said FSP to be able to transact with other Participants                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Participant | Financial Service Provider (FSP) that has registered on the Mojaloop ecosystem. Allowing said FSP to be able to transact with other Participants                             |
```

Although I would not bother with this as long as you define FSP in this table (see comment below).

| FSP IOP API | Financial Service Provider Interoperability Application Programming Interface, the API that provides access to functions and features of the Mojaloop Ecosystem. |

> | DFSP        | Digital Financial Service Provider                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: If you are going to include this, I would also include FSP,  or alternatively:
```suggestion
| (D)FSP        | (Digital) Financial Service Provider                                                                                                                               |
```

I would also move FSP/DFSP to the first item since its referenced by the `Participant` definition.

## Use Cases

Use case definitions [^2] have not been altered and the Reference Architecture allows for us to only change the background orchestration of the internal Mojaloop services and Bounded Contexts.

### Account Lookup & Discovery BCs

#### Party/Participant Associate

Associate transfer/s Participant/s and/or parties based on the POST participant request [^5].

> ![Use Case - Example REPLACE ME](./assets/0-1-party-participant-associate.jpg)

Reviewer: Please change `ALT_TEXT_DESCRIPTION_GOES_HERE` the description text  as follows `![{ALT_TEXT_DESCRIPTION_GOES_HERE}](./assets/0-1-party-participant-associate.jpg)`.

This comment applies to the other images below.

| Term        | Description                                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| (D)FSP      | (Digital) Financial Service Provider                                                                                                                             |
| Participant | Financial Service Provider (FSP) that has registered on the Mojaloop ecosystem. Allowing said FSP to be able to transact with other Participants                 |
| FSP IOP API | Financial Service Provider Interoperability Application Programming Interface, the API that provides access to functions and features of the Mojaloop Ecosystem. |

> | Payer       | The payer of electronic funds in a payment transaction.                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: I assume this is the "Payer FSP's Customer"?

Author: Yes that would be the party, definition based on:
https://docs.mojaloop.io/mojaloop-specification/fspiop-api/documents/Glossary.html#3-api-glossary

| Payer FSP   | Payer's Financial Service Provider.                                                                                                                              |

> | Payee       | The recipient of electronic funds in a payment transaction.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: I assume this is the "Payee FSP's Customer"?

Author: Yes that would be the party, definition based on:
https://docs.mojaloop.io/mojaloop-specification/fspiop-api/documents/Glossary.html#3-api-glossary
